- jedem c++
- dalsi sacek odpadku -- plogging
- festival veganského jídla
- sauna 2x denně
- nejvíc severní člověk -- Kemijärvi, Laponsko, za polárním kruhem
4 words woman has to say to make a man remember her as an awesome person till the end of his life
"I am from Lapland"
<3<3<3<3<3<3
Tell me about the place where you live and teach me finnish
Finnish town naming
- järvi = lake ... Kemijärvi, Kilpisjärvi, 
- niemi = land into water (poloostrov) ... Rovaniemi, Tapionniemi
- lahti = bay (záliv) ... Lapinlahti, Lahti
- mäki = hill ... Käpälämäki, Pitäjänmäki
- kylä = village ... Jyväskylä, Myllykylä
- salmi = strait ... Hyrynsalmi, Suomussalmi
- maa = country ... Vaalimaa,

Finland = 78 % forests, 11 % lakes

Finština pro čechy není zdaleka tak hrozná, vlastně se učí docela snadno
Angličani, Francouzi, Španělé a Němci jsou mnohem víc v řiti, hlavně kvůli 
skloňování a výslovnosti x čeština je oběma jevům celkem blízko

Grillmaster & Viking... 
Don't forget to add coal
Nedočkavé žravé děti

That finnish-speaking guy
Očekávání: 
- you won't try -> impolite
- no vocabularly -> stupid
- bad pronounciation -> the stranger

Reality:
- omg you try to speak Finnish, I like that
- Oh, you know that? How long have you been learning finnish?
- Is Czech very similar to finnish? You're pronounciation is so good.

All poles are from Gdaňsk and are international ... There's a polish minority in every state
- Dzien dobry, wodku paproszam, dzienki bardzo kurwa

best compliment one could get abroad
"Are you local?" 

Nejlíp anglicky umí holanďani

Vymře Němčina a Finština? Angličtina je hodně vytlačuje

Joulupukki a Santa je de facto totéž

Moro, I'm from Tampere.

Make sure Matej won't pass out in the sauna

Alone naked with two (three) hot naked girls ... Sauna rulezzz

Explosion, none knows anything

I am exchange student, you can do (with) me anything you want. You know, that latest in a year I will be away so you don't need to bother about me.

Kola zdarma.

No animals were harmed. 
Can we harm people instead?

Finns don't interact a lot and don't fuck a lot.
But Aalto campus is exactly the opposite!
Aalto campus is sexual dungeon, not Finland. There is some event about fucking, nudity, no taking photographs... 
Oh, just out of curiosity, how is it called, when, where, where to register,...

Do you hug your female friends? 
Not really

I moved to dormitory because of commuting distance of ... 10 km! From Espoo to Helsinki.

Na písmekách záleží
Kiipis x Kiitos
Viini x Viina (režná 32 %)
Helvetti x Helveeti (peklo x Švýcarsko)



Everything from rye (Ruis)

Finland is very easy for vegan

Finnish word: Kala, satama, Kalasatama, terminaali, metro, asema, metroasema
